A denture-free blowjob from Betty White.
The TSA guy stroking it to your naked body scan in the back room.
Ironic facial hair.
The ever-worsening wrath of the hangover gods.
An "Accidental" facial.
Consuming uncooked eggs or poultry.
Dropping the soap.
The Flying Spaghetti Monster.
Movie theater handjobs.
A reverse mermaid pathetically kicking around in a circle.
Failing to honor my 5th grade D.A.R.E. agreement.
Some type of palsy.
Poking a fatty on Facebook.
The Itty Bitty Titty Committee.
Masking failures with religion.
Immediate regret.
A rug that really ties the room together.
Stinging urination.
The little bastard kicking the back of your airplane seat while his parents do absolutely fucking nothing.
Simultaneous diarrhea and vomitting.
An 89-year-old woman with time and gravity-affected breast implants jumping rope.
The antidote.
Pineapple-infused cum.
Owen Wilson's nose.
A particiation award.
Bill Fucking Murray.
Farmers who fuck goats.
Luigi's inferiority complex.
Having a big toe for all of your toes.
The restraining order.
Snorting the fine line between genius and insanity.
Taking our jobs.
Lena Dunham's voluptuous muffin top.
Pulling the plug.
The sound of stirring macaroni and cheese.
Sober sex.
Premature defecation.
The secret sauce on my mystery meat.
Showing that bitch a whole new world.
Michael Cera finally hitting puberty,
A face only a mother could love.
Asking a morbidly obese woman if she's pregnant.
Methin' around.
The worst case of hemorrhoids I have ever seen.
Butt barf.
Being dumber than a 5th grader.
The douchebag whose humor consists solely of quoting movies, expecially Anchorman.
Overdosing on life.
My windowless white van.
The Human Centipede: infinity edition.
Naked sumo jello wrestling.
A unicorn with a unibrow riding a unicycle.
Defiling new car smell.
Harriet Tubman underboob.
Danger zone!
Someone who looks retarded but isn't.
Mistaking sriracha for contact lens solution.
Forgetting about Dre.
Donkey punching Donkey Kong.
Beans, beans, the magical fruit.
An extravagent merkin.
Buying a dog as a practice kid and colossally failing.
Dressing as yourself for Halloween.
Sniffing scented markers for a quick fix.
Love.
Deliberately spreading STDs.
Amateur acupuncture.
Literally fucking the shit out of someone.
Finding a used Band-Aid in the pool.
An empty, neutered ballsack.
Not playing this game because you're Mormon.
Disguising a queef as a fart.
Shotgunning a Four Loko, bro!
Bill's penis in and around Hillary's mouth.
Male pattern baldness on a female.
Kitten mittens.
Accidently drunk sexting your parents.
Junk in the trunk.
Another Saturday night alone, a jar full of peanut butter, and my dog.
Blowing into a Nintendo cartridge and passing out.